docs: Refresh Build ParaTime chapter (#2433)
oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk: docs/runtime/prerequisites.md

_Required if you want to use the Go Client SDK._

> At least version **1.25.3** is required. If your distribution provides a

Reviewer: Let's bump this to 1.26.0 in the docs to avoid any macOS issues. Same below.

```suggestion
At least version **1.26.0** is required. If your distribution provides a
```
